Turn airplane mode on for much faster charging.
The arrows on your fuel gauge show you which side of the car the tank is on.
Using chopsticks gets rid of cheese fingers when eating Doritos or Cheetos
Pulling the bones out of a chicken wing makes it easier to eat.
Pinching the end of a banana can help you open it easily.
You can make a laptop bag out of a hoodie. Great for coffee shop runs where you may get cold.
Fixing a broken zipper can be as easy as finding a key ring.
If your toilet is clogged and overflowing, turn this knob. It will stop water from going into the tank.
If you get brain freeze, put your tongue on the roof of your mouth. This will help warm up your soft palate.
Think of months as knuckles. The bumps are months with 31 days and the spaces are months with 30 (or 28, if it's February).
Rubbing a walnut on scratched furniture can help minimize the dings.
If you find a right parking space, back into it. You have a sharper turning radius going backwards.
Cut the handle off of a jug for an easy, instant dustpan.
Glue a suction cup to a tennis ball and cut a strip in it. Now, that ball will hold anything for you.
A dustpan in the sink can help you fill up buckets that don't fit.
Putting your car remote underneath your open mouth can help increase its range.
Connect with others. Develop and maintain strong relationships with people around you who will support and enrich your life. The quality of our personal relationships has a great effect on our wellbeing. Putting time and effort into building strong relationships can bring great rewards.
Take time to enjoy. Set aside time for activities, hobbies and projects you enjoy. Let yourself be spontaneous and creative when the urge takes you. Do a crossword; take a walk in your local park; read a book; sew a quilt; draw pictures with your kids; play with your pets – whatever takes your fancy.
Participate and share interests. Join a club or group of people who share your interests. Being part of a group of people with a common interest provides a sense of belonging and is good for your mental health. Join a sports club; a band; an evening walking group; a dance class; a theatre or choir group; a book or car club.
Contribute to your community. Volunteer your time for a cause or issue that you care about. Help out a neighbour, work in a community garden or do something nice for a friend. There are many great ways to contribute that can help you feel good about yourself and your place in the world. An effort to improve the lives of others is sure to improve your life too.
Take care of yourself. Be active and eat well – these help maintain a healthy body. Physical and mental health are closely linked; it’s easier to feel good about life if your body feels good. You don’t have to go to the gym to exercise – gardening, vacuuming, dancing and bushwalking all count. Combine physical activity with a balanced diet to nourish your body and mind and keep you feeling good, inside and out.
Challenge yourself. Learn a new skill or take on a challenge to meet a goal. You could take on something different at work; commit to a fitness goal or learn to cook a new recipe. Learning improves your mental fitness, while striving to meet your own goals builds skills and confidence and gives you a sense of progress and achievement.
Deal with stress. Be aware of what triggers your stress and how you react. You may be able to avoid some of the triggers and learn to prepare for or manage others. Stress is a part of life and affects people in different ways. It only becomes a problem when it makes you feel uncomfortable or distressed. A balanced lifestyle can help you manage stress better. If you have trouble winding down, you may find that relaxation breathing, yoga or meditation can help.
Rest and refresh. Get plenty of sleep. Go to bed at a regular time each day and practice good habits to get better sleep. Sleep restores both your mind and body. However, feelings of fatigue can still set in if you feel constantly rushed and overwhelmed when you are awake. Allow yourself some unfocussed time each day to refresh; for example, let your mind wander, daydream or simply watch the clouds go by for a while. It’s OK to add ‘do nothing’ to your to-do list!
Notice the here and now. Take a moment to notice each of your senses each day. Simply ‘be’ in the moment – feel the sun and wind on your face and notice the air you are breathing. It’s easy to be caught up thinking about the past or planning for the future instead of experiencing the present. Practising mindfulness, by focusing your attention on being in the moment, is a good way to do this. Making a conscious effort to be aware of your inner and outer world is important for your mental health.
Ask for help. This can be as simple as asking a friend to babysit while you have some time out or speaking to your doctor (GP) about where to find a counsellor or community mental health service. The perfect, worry-free life does not exist. Everyone’s life journey has bumpy bits and the people around you can help. If you don’t get the help you need first off, keep asking until you do.
If you have ever had to give eye drops to a small child, you know how hard it can be. Ask you child to lay down and close his/her eyes. Place a small drop on the inside corner of the eye. The drop will slip onto the eye ball as soon as the child opens their eyes.
To silence your squeaky hardwood floors sprinkle some baby powder on the squeaky area and sweep it into the cracks. Then wipe the floor. The baby powder between the boards will act as a lubricant and will stop the annoying noise.
Several fires are started every year from clogged dryer vents. You can avoid this with a few simple steps to keep your dryer clean and clog free. Check out Pretty Handy Girl for some step by step cleaning instructions.
If you have friends on their way over and you forgot to chill drinks in the fridge, just place them in a large pot and cover with ice. Sprinkle 2 cups of salt on top of the ice and then fill the rest of the pot with water. Your drinks will be ice cold within 2 to 3 minutes.
Need to open a page in a new tab? Instead of right clicking and selecting "Open in new tab", save time by clicking on the link with the middle button on your mouse. If you don't have a mouse with a middle button you can hold down the ctrl key while clicking on the link.
Quit wasting time sorting laundry. Buy 1 laundry basket per family member. Assign each family member a day of the week and wash only THEIR laundry on that day. Once the clothes are dry, place the clothes back into the basket and place in their room. Each family member is responsible for sorting and putting away their own clothes. And yes! Even my 2 year old can put her clothes in the washer (it's front load washer), transfer them from the washer to the dryer, Take them out of the dryer and sort them. We are still working on folding but I did teach her to lay her clothes flat so that they don't wrinkle as much. All I have to do is add soap and turn on the machines. (Please be sure to supervise young children around the washer and dryer as they can easily lock themselves inside.)
Get rid of the gap in the back of your pants by threading elastic through them. Head on over to Patchwork Posse for the full tutorial. Works for kids pants too.
To reheat pizza without getting the crust soggy, place the pizza in a nonstick skillet. Heat on low until warm.
When making deviled eggs, place the egg yolks in a plastic Ziploc bag with the rest of the ingredients. Close the bag and mash everything together. Once everything is well mixed cut off a small tip from one of the bottom corners of the bag and squeeze the contents into your egg white. Just too the bag once you are done for easy cleanup.
Use wet newspaper as a weed block. Place a layer on the ground and build your raised bed on top of it or layer the stuff around your plants and cover with mulch. Weeds can grow through some of the store bought weed presenters but not wet newspaper. I used this trick on our raised beds 4 months ago and have yet to see a single weed.
Keep an eye out for gifts for friends and family every time you go shopping. Buying gifts throughout the year will save a lot of time and stress when birthdays and Christmas rolls around.
Don't have time for exercise? Try double tasking. Do squats while you brush your teeth. Push-ups while waiting for the tub to fill up. One handed bicep curls while stirring sauce with the other hand.
If you have already sealed an envelope and realized you forgot to put something in it, place the envelope in the freezer for a couple hours. It will pop right open so you don't have to get another envelope.
After cooking fish boil a little vinegar in a pot and let it boil. The nasty fish smell will disappear almost instantly leaving your kitchen smelling clean again.
Do you have some conditioner that you bought then decided you did not like it? Use it to shave your legs. Not only is it cheaper than shaving cream, it will also leave your legs silky smooth. 
If you can't find a shower curtain to match your bathroom style, then try looking in the regular curtain section. Using this tip from SAS Interiors. You can turn any curtain into a shower curtain.
Tired of washing dishes all day, or getting blamed for tossing a drink that a family member was still drinking? Try this tip from Bee in our Bonnet. Make a coaster tray and assign a coaster to each family member. When they are done with their drink they set in on the coaster until they need it again.
Here is a great tip from Abide With Me. Use a tackle box to organize and store all you medicine and first aid supplies.
To peel a kiwi cut off the top and bottom, slip a spoon between the skin and the flesh. Twist the spoon around the the entire kiwi (keeping it between the skin and flesh the whole time). Then just pop the skin off.
Use Press'n Seal saran wrap to line your refrigerator shelves. When the shelves get dirty, just remove the wrap, toss in the trash and replace. No more scrubbing nasty food spills.
When you are done using the roll of tape, fold the last quarter inch down and stick it back onto itself. This will create a little tab that can easily be found so you don't have to waste time searching for the end of the tape.
Stick old newspaper or magazines inside your boots when you store them. This will keep the tops from flopping over and adding unsightly creases to your boots. Found at IHeart Organizing
Accidentally close a tab on your browser? No problem! Hit ctrl-shift-T and the page will pop up again.
You can tint glass any color you like by using mod podge and food coloring. Momtastic has the full tutorial.
Toss small items such as baby spoons, pacifiers and bottle caps inside a small mesh lingerie bag and set the bag in the top rack of your dishwasher.  This will keep things from falling off the rack and getting lost or ruined in the bottom on the dishwasher.
You can cook salmon in your dishwasher!! This could come in handy when you are cooking for a large crowd and don't have enough oven space. I have not tried this but I would be curious as to how it turns out. View full recipe at Real Simple.
Create a tight seal on any plastic bag using a plastic water bottle. Also makes it super easy to poor out your next serving. - Original source unknown. Please let me know if you are or know of the correct source for the above photo so that I can give credit were credit is due.
Divide and freeze soup into muffin tins. Makes perfect individual servings that you can just pop out when ever you need them.
Use a hanger with clips to hold your recipes up where you can see the. No more greasy fingerprint all over your recipe cards!!
When packing liquids (shampoo, conditioner, mouthwash, etc...) for your next trip, take the lid off, place a piece of plastic wrap over the opening and screw the lid back on. The plastic wrap will keep the liquid from spilling even if the lid pops open. 
Tired of shrinking sweaters or ruining shirts because you accidentally threw them in the dryer? Keep a dry erase marker in your laundry room. Use the marker to write notes on your washing machine (i.e. Do not dry red blouse!) 
You can save tomato past for up to 3 months when you freeze it!! Click HERE for correct freezing method.
Tired of your kids asking "Are we there yet?" Next time you take a trip put together this fun car project. The car starts out on one side and moves to the other side as you get closer to your destination.
You CAN fix a broken zipper!! Just take the stopper and zipper off re-arrange the teeth, then put you zipper back on. Use a needle and thick thread to make a new stopper. I wish I would have found this tutorial years ago. I could have saved so many clothes and backpacks. 
Before grilling burger, press a hole in the middle of the patty. The hole will disappear as the burger cooks. This will minimize shrinking and you won't have to worry about them not being done in the center.
Do you have hard water spots around your sink fixtures? Soak a rag in white vinegar, lay the rag over your water spots  let sit for a few minutes and the spots will scrub right off.
Ever spill nail polish on your floor? Here is a great post on how to remove nail polish from wood, cloth, hair, and carpet.
Rubbing some butter over the cut edge of a block of cheese will seal it and stop it from molding.
If your hair turns green from the chlorine in the pool, dissolve eight aspirin pills in a glass of warm water, coat hair with the solution, let it sit for 10 to 15 minutes, then rinse. The green will be gone.
Tired of eating dried chicken? Try this trick from Budget Savvy Diva - Stuff a Whole Chicken with an apple to keep it moist while cooking (discard apple afterwards).
Need to light a hard to reach candle but don't have any long matches? Use a piece of uncooked spaghetti. Source
Apply a thin layer of olive oil to your candle holders before you use them. Once the candle has melted the olive oil will allow you to wipe off the wax and keep it from sticking to the candle holder.
Too many clothes in your closet? Turn all of your hangers backwards. Once you wear a piece of clothing, hang it back up with the hanger facing forward. At the end of the year, toss any item that are still on hangers facing backwards. If you haven't worn it in a year you probably wont miss it.
Keep picture frames from rubbing against the wall and damaging it by gluing an eraser to the corners of the frame.
Replace ugly book ends with adorable stuffed animals. Rip out a few stitches on the bottom of the stuffed animal. Pull out the stuffing and replace with beans or rice.
To find the original source of any photo open two windows one with Google home page and another with the photo you want to find. Click on the photo and drag it over to the Google search bar. Google will then come up with a list of searches that match that photo.
Before you toss or store those plastic Easter eggs. Save a few to use as snack containers. They work perfect for raisins, small berries, crackers, nuts, and other small snacks.
Use an old umbrella as a mini drying rack.
When masking tape and painters tape sit in the garage or other hot area for too long, they tend to dry out and break apart when you try to peel them. Place them in the microwave for a few seconds. (keep a close eye on them, you don't want to start a fire.) This should loosen them up and they will peel a lot easier.
Use old funnels to organize twine, yarn, and string.
Laminating paper allows kids to color or work on a project over and over again without wasting paper. Also works great for 'To Do' and 'Cleaning' lists. Need something more permanent? Use permanent marker and when you are ready to erase it just spray some hairspray on it and it will wipe right off.
Repaint a coffee table with chalk board paint. Draw a road, game boards, self portraits, work out homework problems, or just let the kids go wild. It will keep them entertained for hours.